[DOCS] port and fix reviews for 22356 and 22410 (#22565)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/openvino_workflow/running_inference_with_openvino/stateful_models_intro/ways_to_get_stateful_model.rst

   TensorIterator/Loop nodes with exactly one iteration inside, these nodes are unrolled.
   Otherwise, the nodes remain as they are. See the picture above for more details.

3. Apply LowLatency2 transformation.

   .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: C++

         .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/ov_stateful_models_intro.cpp
            :language: cpp
            :fragment: [ov:apply_low_latency_2]

   (Optional) Use Const Initializer argument:

   By default, the LowLatency2 transformation inserts a constant subgraph of the same shape
   as the previous input node. The initializing value for ReadValue nodes is set to zero.
   For more information, see the picture below. You can disable the insertion of this subgraph
   by setting the ``use_const_initializer`` argument to ``false``.

   .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: C++

         .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/ov_stateful_models_intro.cpp
            :language: cpp
            :fragment: [ov:low_latency_2_use_parameters]

   .. image:: _static/images/llt2_use_const_initializer.svg
      :alt: diagram of constant subgraph initialization
      :align: center

>    **State naming rule:**  the name of a state is a concatenation of names: original
>    TensorIterator operation, parameter of the body, and additional suffix "variable_" + id
>    (0-base indexing, new indexing for each TensorIterator). You can use these rules to predict
>    the name of the inserted state after the transformation has been applied. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
   **State naming rule:**  the name of a state is a concatenation of several names: the original
   TensorIterator operation, the parameter of the body, and an additional suffix "variable_" + id
   (zero-based indexing, new indexing for each TensorIterator). You can use these rules to predict
   the name of the inserted state after applying the transformation. For example:
```
